README file for qpcr directory/files

This firectory contains scripts related to qpcr/qBiomarker study at IGS

This may initially be a bit of a mess, since I am using gitbhub to sync my efforts across IGS computer(s) (ie., local mac, diag) and personal laptop

Bear with me....

I plan to copy scripts that copy files from flash drive onto local systems
make a script that maps the Ct vals from certain output files to the 384-96 well format
Then, performs downsteam analysis. 

On 5/22 created a script that accomplishes several things:
1. Maps 384 configuration from qBio plate to corresponding quadruplicate model in 96 well
2. Calcualtes mean and stdev for each species/control
3. Propmts user which wells were manually filled or which should be removed as a result of visual outliers (based on boxplot)
4. Saves 3 file: 96 well mapped ct vals, controls only vals, and boxplot.

Around 5/24 I created an SOP #6, rev 2 that utilizes the mapper.sh script to map and QC wells.

On 5/25 I added some more features and created a quantification script that computes the dCt values of each species, modeled after the Excel workbook provided by QIAGEN

Future updates:
1. OUtput mapped files and plot in real time so that wells can be entered while looking at plots. Reopen files as needed (multithreading)
2. Output species-level quanitifcation
3. Save a trail of iterative updates, especially boxplot, to track removal and resulitng files (currently need to do this by hand)
4. Modify prototocl to include quantification
5. Document/comment
6. Clean up script to make easier to read and more efficent (i.e., generalize mapping, take out "dummy" component)
7. Add features to quant script that allow user to select one or both of each bacterial load or human reference genes. I noticed that the mean vals of each are fairly distinct, and avegerging these together is prob not idea, although this is how it was done in QIAGEN excel workbook
8. Add feature to select for Ct values that pass a certain stdev (in addition to 35/33 ct threshold)
9. Add replciate plots (correlation b/w this and 16S/metagenome/and even within qPCR)
Last updated 5/25/13 at 16:14
